`RelationDirective`/`batchload_relations` will consider `null` and default connection name the same connection (#2125)
nuwave/lighthouse: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - `RelationDirective`/`batchload_relations` will consider `null` and default connection name as the same connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `RelationDirective`/`batchload_relations` will consider `null` and default connection name the same connection https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/pull/2125
```
